be doing so this is my review for Family
Guy I just think don't review this well
I haven't reviewed analyzed before or if
I have I don't really remember anyway so
I'm reviewing this because this is
Family Guy and it's with Robin Williams
and P gripping and in the hospital and
you have like I'll use Robin William um
different licorice or specific tie once
a doctor once like I don't just like
different ones oh but I just kind of
evil and really um rude like which
everyone knows that Robin Williams
passed away a few days ago or a ago and
in the news they said that he committed
suicide and so but I don't think they're
really respecting that actor I think
they're kind of milk it out but I using
him earth or his character or just like
like just I don't kind of like well I
don't think the way factor didn't sound
like it was wrong Williams but I mean
it's just kind of sad that they're using
like their cartoon version of Robin
Williams even though it's not the voice
is not handsome anyways so I just wanted
to give my little review saying that
it's kind of not nice settle and it's
kind of like I think it's evil I think
it's not showing respect at all is just
showing that O'Hara we're family and we
want to milk out you know another
episode in title it Robin Williams
so Family Guy for whatever's so um I saw
this on YouTube episode I hope to take
it down but um I don't like I said I
don't think it's right for them to do
this so overall um for Family Guy like
that in the day family I was like so
awesome just watching this so I don't
think it's that great I feel like they
just throw in the cartoon and random
jokes if I don't think they put that
much effort in their jokes or anything
like that I just think that there's
putting this little like cartoon
together and oh yeah we're family and
we're just going to throw in this RQ I
thought no joke or random and I also
don't like how they're making fun of
like British people um and purposely um
I just drawing these weird heat on these
people neighbor British accent um not
everyone in British has bad ki um like I
don't think I have a good teeth whenever
and you don't have to be you don't have
P British to have bad teeth like I think
that was really rude and kind of mean
like I feel like family died like um
kind of like makes fun of like different
like racists and stuff so I don't know
I'm not really impressed by this episode
at all I'm really disappointed so then
again like why would you use Robin
Williams like your show even though the
voice actor isn't Robert Robin Williams
so anyways and and I didn't like also I
didn't like fact that they make all our
different races or different like people
from different countries and their keys
and stuff like that I think that's two
people well anyway thanks again for
watching my review have a great day and
like I said I am a fan of Family Guy but
I don't really like this so in
particular like I'm really disappointed
by the company I think it's not nice at
all
anyways have a great day and thanks
again for watching and you can feel free
to check me out on Twitter Google+ leave
me a comment there have a great day guys
body